 Arts, Culture, Humanities 	arts_culture_humanities	
American Composers Orchestra	http://www.americancomposers.org/	 Founded in 1977, American Composers Orchestra (ACO) is the only orchestra in the world dedicated to the creation, performance, preservation and promulgation of music by American composers. In pursuit of its singular mission, ACO maintains an unparalleled range of activities including concerts, commissions, recordings, radio broadcasts, educational programs and new music reading sessions. 
 Annabella Gonzalez Dance Theater, Inc. 	http://www.agdt.org/	Challenges audiences through its incredible range of dance styles from modern and Latino-inspired through theatrical to outrageously comedic.  Offers uncommonly varied music ranging from Mexican pre-Columbian instruments and sounds of rain to Mozart.  Available for national and international touring.
Artists Striving To End Poverty	http://asteponline.org/	 Artists Striving To End Poverty (ASTEP) connects established and emerging artists with underserved youth to use the arts as a tool to foster creativity, teach life skills, and awaken young people's imaginations. 
Arts and Business Council of New York	http://www.artsandbusiness-ny.org/	 We at the Arts & Business Council of New York (ABC/NY) connect with the business community: corporate giving officers, potential board members, pro bono consultants, workshop presenters, panelists, mentors, in order to put business skills and resources into the hands of artists and arts organizations. 
Ascension Music Chorus and Orchestra	http://voicesofascension.org/	 Voices of Ascension Chorus and Orchestra, founded and directed by conductor Dennis Keene, is one of the world's premier professional choral ensembles. The ensemble's annual series of concerts in New York City, now in their 22nd season, and recordings on Delos International have received unalloyed critical acclaim. The singers of Voices of Ascension are among the finest ensemble singers in the United States. 
Boomerang Theatre Company	http://boomerangtheatre.org/	 The Boomerang Theatre Company is an award-winning Off-Off-Broadway theatre company based in New York City. Boomerang annually produces a season composed of three programs: free outdoor Shakespeare productions in parks throughout NYC; an indoor repertory series of new, classic and neglected plays; and FIRST FLIGHT, a new play development series of workshops and readings. 
Brave New World Repertory Theatre	http://bravenewworldrep.org/	 Brave New World Repertory Theatre is a company of Brooklyn-based theatre professionals dedicated to creating dynamic productions of classic plays, as well as new works by Brooklyn writers. The company performs in unique and historic Brooklyn venues, reaching out to under-served audiences to promote a love of theatre. 
Brighton Ballet Theater	http://www.brightonballet.com/	 Brighton Ballet Company is the premier Russian ballet and folk dance group in New York City. Founded in 1987 in order to preserve and share the rich historical traditions of Russian dance in New York, BBT Company has also grown into the only presenter of new choreography by emerging Russian choreographers in the United States. 
CEC ArtsLink	http://www.cecartslink.org/	 CEC ArtsLink promotes international communication and understanding through collaborative, innovative arts projects for mutual benefit. We support and produce programs that encourage the exchange of visual and performing artists and cultural managers in the United States and other parts of the world. 
 Children's Arts & Science Workshops, Inc. 	http://www.caswkids.org/	 Children's Arts & Science Workshops, Inc. (CASW) provides young people with choices that allow them to build leadership skills and positive attitudes about the future. Year-round, CASW offers educational, recreational, cultural, and employment programs both after-school and on the weekends. 
Doing Art Together	http://www.doingarttogether.org/	 The Doing Art Together philosophy of art education emphasizes process. Doing Art Together believes that the greatest value to be gained from doing art is often the experience itself, internalized for future reference. 
 Musical Chairs Chamber Ensemble, Inc. 	http://www.mcensemble.org/	 Musical Chairs Chamber Ensemble, Inc. is a consortium of primarily young, high-caliber musicians dedicated to the craft of chamber music. With wide ranging presentations of both classical and contemporary chamber music, combined with consummate artistry, we believe in serving two goals - entertaining our audiences and exposing them to the valuable literature that is seldom heard elsewhere. 
 PCI-Media Impact, Inc.  	www.mediaimpact.org	 We use the power of storytelling and the reach of broadcast media to improve people's health, promote human rights, and foster social change. 