Education	education	
America SCORES New York	http://www.americascores.org/	 America SCORES New York strives to empower students in urban communities using soccer, writing, creative expression, and service-learning. With teamwork as the unifying value, America SCORES New York inspires youth to lead healthy lifestyles, be engaged students, and become agents of change in their communities. 
Bank Street College of Education	http://www.bnkst.edu/	 Bank Street has focused on the education of children and the preparation of teachers and teacher-leaders.  We have deep roots and honored traditions that are almost 100 years old. But that history and depth go hand-in-hand with innovation and discovery. We are not captured or defined by the past, though we build on those foundations in planning the future. 
 Baruch College, School of Public Affairs 	http://www.baruch.cuny.edu/	 The mission of the School of Public Affairs is to enhance the performance of governmental and nonprofit institutions in New York and the nation in the interest of effective and equitable public service and public policy in a diverse society. Using insights from theory, research, and practice, we are a multidisciplinary community of scholars engaged in teaching, research, and outreach to achieve this mission. 
Boy Scouts of America	http://www.scouting.org/	 The Boy Scouts of America provides a program for young people that builds character, trains them in the responsibilities of participating citizenship, and develops personal fitness. 
Center for Children's Initiatives (CCI)	http://www.centerforchildrensinitiatives.org/	 The Center for Children's Initiatives (CCI), formerly known as Child Care, Inc,. champions the right of all children to start life with the best possible foundation of learning, care and health. Realizing the long term benefits - for children, for families and for our society - CCI works to ensure investments in quality and supports for working families to give all of our children the opportunity for a bright future. 
 Children's Arts & Science Workshops, Inc. 	http://www.caswkids.org/	 Children's Arts & Science Workshops, Inc. (CASW) provides young people with choices that allow them to build leadership skills and positive attitudes about the future. Year-round, CASW offers educational, recreational, cultural, and employment programs both after-school and on the weekends. 
DonorsChoose	http://www.donorschoose.org/	DonorsChoose.org is an online charity that makes it easy for anyone to help students in need.
 East Harlem Tutorial Program, Inc. 	http://www.ehtp.org/	 Founded in 1958, East Harlem Tutorial Program prepares students with the academic skills, strength of character and emotional well-being to excel in high school and college, to lead in their communities, and to realize their best possible selves. 
 Mentoring USA, Inc. 	http://www.mentoringusa.org/	 Mentoring USA's mission is to create positive and supportive mentor relationships for youth ages 7-21, through a structured site-based model. 
Project HOPE	http://www.projecthope.org/	 Founded in 1958, Project HOPE (Health Opportunities for People Everywhere) is dedicated to providing lasting solutions to health problems with the mission of helping people to help themselves. Identifiable to many by the SS HOPE, the world's first peacetime hospital ship, Project HOPE now provides medical training and health education, as well as conducts humanitarian assistance programs in more than 35 countries. 
The Center for Anti-violence Education	http://www.caeny.org/	 The Center for Anti-Violence Education (CAE) works as a catalyst for change in the lives of women, transgender people 1, teen women, children, and other communities especially affected by violence. CAE's programs are designed to develop participants' skills, knowledge, and awareness to enable them to heal from, prevent, and counter violence. We do this work to actively create a peaceful, just, and equitable world. 
The Center for Arts Education	http://www.cae-nyc.org/	 The Center for Arts Education (CAE) is leading the charge to restore quality arts education for each of New York City's more than one million children in public schools. We champion Arts Powered Learning through two channels. We develop model teaching and learning programs for schools, parents, cultural organizations, and teaching artists; and we help parents become advocates and campaigners for arts in their children's education. 
Women's Center for Education and Career Advancement	http://www.wceca.org/	 The Women's Center for Education and Career Advancement is committed to the goal of economic self-sufficiency for all women, especially women of color, in New York City. The Center informs public policy and empowers women through the development of innovative resources and services. 