Environment	environment	
Adirondack Council	www.adirondackcouncil.org	Leading advocate for preserving the last great remaining wilderness east of the Mississippi and north of the Everglades -- NY State's six-million-acre Adirondack Park.
African Wildlife Foundation	www.awf.org	 Protects imperiled species-- lions, mountain gorillas, rhinos, elephants, zebras-- through habitat conservation, science, leadership training and wildlife-friendly community-beneficial business development for 50 years. 
Agricultural Stewardship Association	www.agstewardship.org	Protects productive farmland to ensure that New York will have a sufficient land base to produce food locally now and in the future.
American Farmland Trust	www.farmland.org	 Helping farmers and ranchers protect their land from development, produce a healthier environment, and build successful communities. Working to save the land that sustains us. 
American Forests	www.americanforests.org	Funds private and public land reforestation projects; provides satellite imagery of tree loss to cities; educates the public on the value of trees and forests.
American Rivers	www.AmericanRivers.org	 Working to protect and restore healthy, natural rivers for the benefit of people and wildlife; ensuring clean drinking water, natural flood protection, and recreational enjoyment. 
Arbor Day Foundation	www.arborday.org	 Through mass-media communications, by providing trees for planting, and by producing educational materials, the Arbor Day Foundation makes tree planting and care accessible to all. 
Audubon New York	http://ny.audubon.org	 Protects birds, wildlife and habitat nationally and locally through education, science and citizen activism. 100+ sanctuaries, 518 chapters, 500,000+ children and teachers reached each year! 
Beyond Pesticides	www.beyondpesticides.org	 Prevents pesticide poisoning of our environment, homes, workplaces, schools, food and water through a practical information clearinghouse on toxic hazards and non-chemical pest control. 
Buffalo Olmsted Parks Conservancy	www.bfloparks.org	 Non-profit, maintains Buffalo's 1200-acre historic park and parkway system, designed by Fredrick Law Olmstead. We preserve, maintain, restore, and enhance the parks for all. 
 Center for Health, Environment and Justice 	www.chej.org	 Protects the health of communities and children through grassroots organizing, coalition-building, and consumer campaigns to eliminate dangerous chemicals in water, air, homes and schools. 
Citizens Campaign Fund for the Environment	www.citizenscampaign.org/ccfe.asp	 Protects our natural resources and public health through education, research, and advocacy. Campaigns include protecting drinking water, oceans, estuaries, land, advancing renewable energy, and recycling. 
Clean Water Fund	www.cleanwaterfund.org	 Neighborhood-based action and education programs bringing people, businesses and government together for sensible solutions that protect water and health, prevent pollution, and conserve natural resources. 
 Clearwater (Hudson River Sloop Clearwater, Inc.) 	www.clearwater.org	 Clearwater works to protect, restore, and defend the Hudson River and its surrounding watershed through environmental advocacy, education, and inspiration. 
Conservation International	www.conservation.org	 Using a strong foundation of science, partnership and field demonstration, CI empowers societies to responsibly and sustainably care for nature for humanity's long-term well being. 
Defenders of Wildlife	www.Defenders.org	 Working since 1947 to save America's endangered animals and their threatened habitat for future generations through public education, citizen advocacy, legal action and scientific research. 
Earth Day New York	www.earthdayny.org	Educational non-profit promoting environmental awareness and solutions through 1) Earth Day education program; 2) conferences and publications; 3) Earth Day annual event.
Earthjustice	www.earthjustice.org	 A nonprofit environmental law firm working to preserve our nation's natural heritage, safeguard our environmental health, and create a sustainable energy future. 
EarthShare New York	www.earthshareny.org	 One gift helps protect your environment, health, wildlife, and natural resources -- locally, nationally, and internationally.  One environment, one simple way to care for it. 
Environment America Research and Policy Center	http://www.environmentamerica.org/center	 Has more than 100 advocates, organizers, and issue experts working together to preserve our air, water, and open spaces, promoting a cleaner, greener, healthier future. 
Environmental Advocates of New York	www.eany.org	 New York State's government watchdog, holding lawmakers and agencies accountable for enacting and enforcing laws that protect natural resources and safeguard public health. 
Environmental and Energy Study Institute	www.eesi.org	 Protecting the climate by educating Congress, developing innovative solutions, and building broad coalitions to move America to efficient and renewable energy for a sustainable future. 
Environmental Defense Fund	www.environmentaldefense.org	 Environmental Defense Fund's scientists, economists and attorneys design practical, long-term strategies to protect wildlife, natural resources, safeguard clean air, water and human health. 
Environmental Law Institute	www.eli.org	Environmental law that works for you: community-based education + research on national problems = solutions to protect people and nature. Independent and non-partisan.
Finger Lakes Land Trust	www.fllt.org	 Conserves fragile wetlands, pristine forests, working farmland, lakefronts and gorges in the 12-county Finger Lakes Region of New York; over 11,000 acres protected since 1989. 
Friends of the Earth	www.foe.org	 Promotes clean and sustainable energy, clean transportation, climate justice for poor and vulnerable populations, responsible use of technology, and protection of the earth's natural treasures. 
Great Lakes United	www.glu.org	An international coalition committed to promoting and coordinating basin-wide initiatives to protect and restore the Great Lakes-Saint-Lawrence River through federal/state/provincial policy reform.
Group for the East End	www.EastEndEnvironment.org	 The Group preserves and protects the natural resources of Eastern Long Island through education, citizen action, and public advocacy. We inspire people to embrace a conservation ethic. 
Izaak Walton League of America	www.iwla.org	 From hunters to hikers, our members protect America's outdoors through community-based conservation, education, commonsense public policy, and a commitment to strong outdoor ethics. 
Land Trust Alliance	www.landtrustalliance.org	 Leads 1,700 conservation groups across America to save the forests, farms, waterways and natural areas you love in communities where you live, work and travel. 
National Fish and Wildlife Foundation	www.nfwf.org	 Established by Congress, NFWF is the leader in directing federal agency dollars to protect wildlife and natural resources while raising private capital to leverage those investments. 
National Parks Conservation Association	www.npca.org	 Preserves national parks from the Grand Canyon to Gettysburg; protects endangered wildlife and cultural sites; promotes new parks; defends against pollution, inappropriate development and overcrowding. 
National Wildlife Federation	www.nwf.org	America's conservation organization dedicated to protecting endangered species and habitats for our children's future and connecting people with nature through education and action opportunities.
Natural Resources Defense Council of New York	www.nrdc.org	 NRDC defends embattled wilderness, rivers, clean air, coasts and wildlife across America and around the globe. Saved Baja's whales, Canada's Spirit bears, and California's sequoias. 
New York Botanical Garden	www.nybg.org	 Conducts educational, research, horticultural and exhibition programs on plant diversity, and applies the plant science toward improved public health, advanced livelihoods, and environmental conservation. 
New York League of Conservation Voters Education Fund	www.nylcvef.org	 Engages and educates on environmental issues and decision making. Fosters open, nonpartisan discussion on environmental policy and empowers people to be advocates for the environment. 
New York Public Interest Research Group Fund	www.nypirg.org	 NY's largest environmental and consumer rights organization promotes renewable energy, air quality and safe drinking water. Victories include: closing power plants, improving mass transit. 
New York Restoration Project	www.nyrp.org	 Founded by Bette Midler, NYRP works toward a cleaner, more beautiful New York by reclaiming, restoring and developing under-resourced parks, community gardens and open spaces. 
New York-New Jersey Trail Conference	www.nynjtc.org	 Provides the public with wilderness experiences in the NY and NJ region through land protection, hiking trail construction, education, and authoritative books and maps. 
New Yorkers for Parks	www.NY4P.org	 Great parks make great cities and we fight for greener, cleaner and safer parks for residents of all five boroughs of New York City. 
Ocean Conservancy	www.oceanconservancy.org	 Through research, education, and science-based advocacy, Ocean Conservancy informs, inspires, and empowers people to speak and act on behalf of the oceans. 
Oceana Inc.	www.oceana.org	 Works internationally to protect marine wildlife and human health through programs to end pollution and destructive fishing practices, and to ensure vibrant, healthy oceans. 
Open Space Institute	www.osiny.org	 The Open Space Institute protects scenic, natural, and historic landscapes to ensure public enjoyment, conserve habitats and sustain community character through land acquisition efforts. 
Parks & Trails New York	www.ptny.org	 The only organization working statewide to expand, protect and promote a network of parks and trails through New York for use and enjoyment by all. 
Pesticide Action Network North America	www.panna.org	 Works to eliminate poisonous pesticides. Links consumer, labor, health, environment and agriculture groups internationally to advance safer, ecologically sound pest control alternatives. 
Protect the Adirondacks!	www.protectadks.org	 Programs in wildlands planning, land stewardship, community conservation and library services inform the public and ensure the protection of the Adirondack and Catskills Parks 
Rails-to-Trails Conservancy	www.railstotrails.org	 Converts thousands of miles of unused railroad corridors into public trails for walking, bicycling, hiking, skating, horseback riding, cross-country skiing, wildlife habitats and nature appreciation. 
Rainforest Alliance	www.rainforest-alliance.org	 Works to conserve biodiversity and ensure sustainable livelihoods by transforming land-use practices, business practices and consumer behavior. 
Riverkeeper	www.riverkeeper.org	 Member supported watchdog organization defending the Hudson River and its tributaries, and protecting the drinking water supply of 9,000,000 NYC and Hudson Valley residents. 
Rocky Mountain Institute	www.rmi.org	 We drive the efficient and restorative use of resources to create a world thriving, verdant, and secure, for all, forever. 
Scenic America	www.scenic.org	 Safeguards America's natural beauty and community character by fighting billboard blight, reducing visual intrusions, protecting open space, and preserving the scenic character of public lands. 
Surfrider Foundation	www.surfrider.org	 Protects and preserves the world's oceans, waves and beaches through conservation, activism, research and education. Activities include: water quality monitoring, environmental education and grassroots activism. 
The Conservation Fund	www.conservationfund.org	 The nation's most effective and efficient conservation organization - protecting working landscapes, wildlife habitat, historic and recreation sites - with 97% of funds going directly to mission. 
 The Jane Goodall Institute for Wildlife Research, Education, and Conservation 	www.janegoodall.org	 The Jane Goodall Institute works to create healthy ecosystems, promote sustainable livelihoods and nurture new generations of committed, active citizens around the world. 
 The Nature Conservancy, New York 	www.nature.org/newyork	 Protects land and water to help save rare plants and animals. Over 117 million acres protected: rainforests, wetlands, mountains and beaches - worldwide. 
The Peregrine Fund	www.peregrinefund.org	 Saves eagles, condors, falcons, and other endangered birds through research, breeding, and conservation programs. Helps preserve rainforests. Educates children and adults about nature and science. 
The Sierra Club Foundation	www.tscf.org	 Fights to preserve wilderness and protect environmental quality worldwide through a powerful combination of education, scientific research, publishing and litigation. 
The Student Conservation Association	www.theSCA.org	 Building new generations of conservation leaders by engaging college and high school-age individuals in hands-on service to parks, forests and urban greenspaces nationwide. 
 The Trust for Public Land, New York City Office 	www.tpl.org	 Conserves land to guide growth, protect air and water, and ensure a high quality of life in communities nationwide. 
The Wilderness Society	www.wilderness.org	Works to protect special wild places from development so that future generations will have the opportunity to enjoy America's natural heritage.
 Trout Unlimited, NYS Council 	www.nysctu.org	Our members volunteer their time and energy to protect and restore New York's coldwater fisheries for recreation of all types and protection for future generations.
Union of Concerned Scientists	www.ucsusa.org	 Scientists and citizens working on solutions to reduce air pollution and global warming, protect biodiversity, prevent nuclear proliferation, and ensure a sustainable, safe food system. 
WE ACT (West Harlem Environmental Action)	www.weact.org	 Building healthy communities by assuring people of color and low-income, participate meaningfully in creation of sound and fair environmental health and protection policies and practices. 
Westchester Land Trust	www.westchesterlandtrust.org	Conserves land in partnership with private property owners; helps communities create new parks and preserves; fosters sound land use practices.
Wildlife Conservation Society	www.wcs.org	Saves endangered species and threatened ecosystems in 60 countries; teaches ecology and inspires care for wildlife through the Bronx Zoo and national science education programs.
World Wildlife Fund	www.worldwildlife.org	 Multinational conservation organization working worldwide to combat climate change, save endangered animals, protect wild habitats, and transform market forces to act in harmony with nature. 
		