Health	health	
AIDS Center of Queens County	http://www.acqc.org/	 The Mission of the AIDS Center of Queens County is, to promote and coordinate the provision of services to persons infected and affected by HIV/AIDS and other blood borne diseases. 
 AIDS Research Foundation (amfAR), New York 	www.amfar.org	 Supports innovative AIDS research; educates patients, doctors, and the public about HIV treatment/prevention; works to protect the rights of all people affected by HIV/AIDS. 
AIDS Service Center NYC	http://www.ascnyc.org/	 AIDS Service Center NYC helps HIV-positive New Yorkers, and those at risk, get a second chance to rebuild their lives. We offer a diverse range of individualized, professional services in a nurturing environment, and include access to healthcare, social services, peer education and safe-practice counseling. 
Alcoholism Council of New York / Fellowship Center of New York	www.alcoholism.org	 Community Outreach services to prevent and reduce the use of alcohol and other drugs through screening, education and referral, serves all five boroughs of NYC. 
 ALS Association, New York 	www.alsaupstateny.org	 Fighting to cure and treat ALS through research; empowering people with Lou Gehrig's Disease and families to live fuller lives by providing care and support.
 
 ALS Association, New York, Greater NY Chapter 	www.als-ny.org	 Raises funds to find a cure for ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease), provides patient and family support services, promotes ALS awareness and advocates for ALS health-related issues. 
 ALS Regional Center, St. Peter's Hospital, New York 	www.sphcs.org	 Secures charitable contributions to support St Peter's Health Care Services, including the ALS Center's programs and services for patients afflicted with Lou Gehrig's disease.

 
 Alzheimer's Association, New York 	www.alz.org	The only national voluntary health organization dedicated to research and to providing support and assistance to people with Alzheimer's disease.
 Alzheimer's Association, New York, Albany 	www.alz.org/northeasternny	 Dedicated to family support, education, research and advocacy.  Provide help today and hope for tomorrow for those impacted by Alzheimer's disease, families and professionals. 
 Alzheimer's Association, New York, CNY Chapter 	www.alzcny.org	Responsible for service delivery to 14 counties in Central New York.  Information regarding the services can be accessed on the Chapters web-site at alzcny.org.
 Alzheimer's Association, New York, Endicott 	www.alzst.cjb.net	 Provides vital services to individuals, families and caregivers living with Alzheimer's disease in our community.  Offices in Syracuse, Binghamton, Utica and Watertown 
 Alzheimer's Association, New York, Leather Stocking Region 	www.alzneny.org	 Dedicated to family support, education, research and advocacy.  Provide help today and hope for tomorrow for those impacted by Alzheimer's disease, families and professionals. 
 Alzheimer's Association, New York, New York 	www.alznyc.org	 Our organization provides family caregiver / early stage patient support, public awareness and educational / training programs, public policy advocacy and supports research all from within NYC. 
 Alzheimer's Association, New York, Northern Office 	www.alzcny.org	 Provides vital services to individuals, families and caregivers living with Alzheimer's disease in our community.  Offices in Syracuse, Binghamton, Utica and Watertown. 
 Alzheimer's Association, New York, Orange/Sullivan Regional Office 	www.alz.org/hudsonvalley	 The largest national health organization dedicated to providing support and assistance to people with dementia, their families and caregivers, and to eliminating Alzheimer's through research. 
 Alzheimer's Association, New York, Poughkeepsie 	www.alz.org/hudsonvalley	 Funds research for the prevention, cure and treatment of Alzheimer's disease and related disorders and provides support and assistance to all affected. 
 Alzheimer's Association, New York, Purchase 	www.alz.org/hudsonvalley	 The largest national health organization dedicated to providing support and assistance to people with dementia, their families and caregivers, and to eliminating Alzheimer's through research. 
 Alzheimer's Association, New York, Ronkonkoma 	www.alz.org/longisland	A non-profit healthcare agency.  We support research to find a cure for Alzheimer's disease and provide resources for families.
 AMC Cancer Research Center, New York 	www.amc.org	National Leader funding the most promising research to prevent and control cancer.  Free counseling line for cancer patients and their families.  Distinguished scientists collaborating nationwide.
 American Diabetes Association, New York 	www.diabetes.org	 Committed to finding a cure for diabetes, improving care, and providing information and support to people with diabetes through research, community programs and advocacy. 
 American Diabetes Association, New York, Albany Office 	www.diabetes.org	 The association's mission is   to prevent and cure diabetes and to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes   through research, information and advocacy. 
 American Diabetes Association, New York, Amherst Office 	www.diabetes.org	 The association's mission is   to prevent and cure diabetes and to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes   through research, information and advocacy. 
 American Diabetes Association, New York, Long Island Chapter 	www.diabetes.org	 Funds go to support our mission of helping to improve the lives of those touched by diabetes through research, education, information and advocacy. 
 American Diabetes Association, New York, Rochester Office 	www.diabetes.org	 The association's mission is   to prevent and cure diabetes and to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes   through research, information and advocacy. 
 American Diabetes Association, New York, Syracuse Office 	www.diabetes.org	 The association's mission is   to prevent and cure diabetes and to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes   through research, information and advocacy. 
 American Diabetes Association, New York, Utica Office 	www.diabetes.org	 The association's mission is   to prevent and cure diabetes and to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes   through research, information and advocacy. 
 American Diabetes Association, New York, White Plains Office 	www.diabetes.org	 The association's mission is   to prevent and cure diabetes and to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes   through research, information and advocacy. 
American Foundation for Suicide Prevention NYC Chapter	http://www.afsp.org/	 The American Foundation for Suicide Prevention (AFSP) is the leading national not-for-profit organization exclusively dedicated to understanding and preventing suicide through research, education and advocacy, and to reaching out to people with mental disorders and those impacted by suicide. 
 American Hearing Research Foundation, New York 	www.american-hearing.org	Raises money for research into hearing loss and balance disorders related to the inner ear and educates the public about these disorders.
 American Kidney Fund, New York 	www.kidneyfund.org	Our nations #1 source of direct financial assistance to kidney patients and is a leader in providing education and outreach to those who are at risk for kidney disease.
 American Kidney Fund, New York, Northeast Region 	www.kidneyfund.org	 The American Kidney Fund provides direct financial assistance to kidney patients in need and education to those with and at risk for kidney disease.
 
American Leprosy Foundation	www.leonardwoodmemorial.org	 Leprosy, one of the world?s oldest diseases, afflicts approximately 2-4 million people worldwide.  Our goal is to eradicate this devastating disease through scientific research. 
 American Liver Foundation, New York, Greater NY Division 	www.liverfoundation.org/greaterny	 Our mission is to facilitate, advocate and promote education, support and research for the prevention, treatment and cure of liver disease. 
 American Lung Association of New York, Finger Lakes Region 	www.alanys.org	 We are the leading organization in New York working to save lives by improving lung health and preventing lung disease, through research, education and advocacy. 
 American Lung Association of New York, Hudson Valley Office 	www.alahv.org	 We are the leading organization in New York working to save lives by improving lung health and preventing lung disease, through research, education and advocacy. 
 American Lung Association of New York, Nassau - Suffolk 	www.alanys.org	 We are the leading organization in New York working to save lives by improving lung health and preventing lung disease, through research, education and advocacy. 
 American Lung Association of New York, NENY Office 	www.alaneny.org	 We are the leading organization in New York working to save lives by improving lung health and preventing lung disease, through research, education and advocacy. 
 American Lung Association of New York, Westchester Chapter 	www.alahv.org	 We are the leading organization in New York working to save lives by improving lung health and preventing lung disease, through research, education and advocacy. 
American Near East Refugee Aid (ANERA)	www.anera.org	 ANERA creates opportunities in education, health and relief services, and job creation programs for people in the West Bank, Gaza, Lebanon and Jordan 
 American Parkinson Disease Association, New York 	www.apdaparkinson.org	 Dedicated to funding Parkinson's research, providing comprehensive medical information, extensive public/professional education and support services.  
American Red Cross in Greater New York	http://www.nyredcross.org/	 The American Red Cross in Greater New York is a nonprofit humanitarian organization, led by volunteers, that provides relief to individuals affected by disasters, and helps people prevent, prepare for, and respond to emergencies. It accomplishes this mission through services that are consistent with its Congressional Charter and the Fundamental Principles of the International Red Cross movement. 
American Refugee Committee	www.arcrelief.org	A movement of people working in partnership with the survivors of conflict and disaster to help them take back control of their lives.
 Arthritis Foundation, New York Chapter 	www.arthritis.org	 The mission of the Arthritis Foundation is to improve lives through leadership in the prevention, control and cure of arthritis and related diseases. 
 Arthritis Foundation, New York, Northeastern NY Chapter 	www.arthritis.org	 The organization provides funding for arthritis research, distributes educational literature, conducts arthritis seminars and service programs and sends children with arthritis to summer camp. 
 Arthritis Foundation, New York, Upstate NY Chapter, Buffalo Branch 	www.arthritis.org	 Dedicated to funding research to find the cure for arthritis and to providing educational, informational, exercise and support programs for those affected by this disease. 
 Arthritis Foundation, New York, Upstate NY Chapter, Rochester Branch 	www.arthritis.org	 Dedicated to funding research to find the cure for arthritis and to providing educational, informational, exercise and support programs for those affected by this disease. 
 Arthritis Foundation, New York, Upstate NY Chapter, Syracuse Office 	www.arthritis.org	 Dedicated to funding research to find the cure for arthritis and to providing educational, informational, exercise and support programs to those affected by this disease. 
 Autism Speaks, New York 	www.autismspeaks.org	 We fund biomedical research into the causes, prevention, treatments and cure for autism spectrum disorders; increase awareness; and advocate for the needs of affected families. 
 Breast Cancer Network of Strength, New York 	www.networkofstrength.org/	Provides information and support to anyone touched by breast cancer through it's 24/7 Hotline staffed by breast cancer survivors and interpreters in 150 languages.
 Breast Cancer Research Foundation, New York 	www.bcrfcure.org	 Make a difference.  Breast cancer claims over 40,000 lives annually.  Your support funds lifesaving breast cancer research worldwide:  Prevention and a cure in our lifetime. 
 Bronx AIDS Services, Inc. 	http://www.basnyc.org/	 Founded in 1986, Bronx AIDS Services (BAS) is a not-for-profit community-based organization  that helps more than 8,000 Bronx residents each year with services and programs that touch people who are living with HIV/AIDS, people who think they might have been exposed to HIV, and those who are at high risk of exposure to the virus.  
 Cancer Research Institute, New York 	www.cancerresearch.org	 To support and coordinate scientific and clinical efforts that will lead to the immunological treatment, control and prevention of cancer. 
 CaringBridge, New York 	www.caringbridge.org	 Free personalized web sites allowing families and friends to stay in touch and share information, love and support during a serious medical condition, treatment and recovery. 
Center for Disability Services - New York	www.cfdsny.org	 Provides Educational, Vocational, Residential, Respite, Transportation and Medical programs and services to 15,000 individuals with disabilities in Northeastern New York.
 
Central New York Asthma Coalition	www.alanys.org	 The mission is the prevention of lung disease and the promotion of lung health.  Our goals are accomplished through research, advocacy and education efforts.
 
 Children's Brain Tumor Foundation, Inc. 	http://www.cbtf.org/	 Children's Brain Tumor Foundation, a non-profit organization, was founded in 1988 by dedicated parents, physicians and friends. Our mission is to improve the treatment, quality of life and the long term outlook for children with brain and spinal cord tumors through research, support, education, and advocacy to families and survivors. 
Children's Cord Blood Bank & Research Foundation	http://www.childrenscordblood.org/	 We are dedicated to increasing public awareness and education about the benefits of preserving umbilical cord  blood stem cells. Our Mission is to advance access to life-saving medical therapies, research and cutting-edge treatment modalities in the community by providing umbilical cord blood stem cell services for safe, high quality transfusion products. 
 Children's Heart Foundation, New York Chapter 	www.childrensheartfoundation.org	 Funds the most promising research to advance the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of congenital heart defects, the world's most prevalent and deadly birth defect. 
 Children's Tumor Foundation, New York 	www.ctf.org	 Funds research, patient support and public awareness of Neurofibromatosis (NF1, NF2 and Schwannomatosis) - genetic disorders that cause random tumor growth throughout the body. 
 City of Hope, New York 	www.cityofhope.org	 City of Hope, an innovative biomedical, research, treatment and educational institute, dedicated to the prevention and cure of cancer and other life-threatening diseases. 
Colon Cancer Alliance - New York	www.ccalliance.org	 Dedicated to ending the suffering of those affected by colorectal cancer through screening rates and survivorship; education, support, research, advocacy. 
 Community Health Charities of New York, Metro NY Office 	www.healthcharitiesny.org	 A group of over 50 national & local health charities dedicated to research, patient services & health education for various diseases and disorders. 
 Community Health Charities of New York, NENY Office 	www.healthcharitiesny.org	 A group of over 50 national & local health charities dedicated to research, patient services & health education for various diseases and disorders. 
 Community Health Charities of New York, State Office 	www.healthcharities.org/newyork	 A group of over 50 national & local health charities dedicated to research, patient services & health education for various diseases, disabilities and disorders. 
 Cooley's Anemia Foundation, New York 	www.cooleysanemia.org	 Funds research to cure this fatal blood disease, supports programs to enhance the life quality of patients, educates doctors, trait carriers and the public.  
 Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America, New York 	www.ccfa.org	 Devotes contributions to scientific research, support services and education to benefit residents who suffer from Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. 
 Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America, New York, Fairfield/Westchester Chapter 	www.ccfa.org/chapters/westfield	 Raises money to support scientific research, education and supportive services to benefit New York residents afflicted with Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. 
 Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America, New York, Long Island Chapter 	www.ccfa.org	 Devotes contributions to scientific research, support services, patient and professional education to benefit Long Island residents who suffer with Crohn's disease or colitis. 
 Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America, New York, Rochester Chapter 	www.ccfa.org/chapters/rochester	 Dedicated to ending the suffering caused by Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis.  CCFA Sponsors research, education programs and support services for patients and professionals. 
 Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America, New York, Upstate NENY Chapter 	www.ccfa.org/chapters/upstateny	 Provides educational programs, support services and free literature to individuals touched by Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. 
 Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America, New York, Western NY Chapter 	www.ccfawny.org/chapters/westernny	Our mission is to cure Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis and to improve the quality of life of children and adults affected by these diseases.
 Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, New York, Central NY Chapter 	www.cff.org	Supports innovative research to control and cure cystic fibrosis.  Provides specialized medical care through a nationwide network of centers;  offers pharmacy and other patient services.
 Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, New York, Long Island Branch 	www.cff.org	Supports innovative research to control and cure Cystic Fibrosis.  Provides specialized medical care through a nationwide network of centers; offers pharmacy and other patient services. 
 Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, New York, Manhattan Branch 	www.cff.org	Supports innovative research to control and cure Cystic Fibrosis.  Provides specialized medical care through a nationwide network of centers; offers pharmacy and other patient services. 
 Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, New York, Northeast NY Chapter 	www.cff.org/chapters/nenewyork	Supports innovative research to control and cure cystic fibrosis.  Provides specialized medical care through a nationwide network of centers; offers pharmacy and other patient services.
 Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, New York, Rochester Chapter 	www.cff.org	Supports innovative research to control and cure Cystic Fibrosis.  Provides specialized medical care through a nationwide network of centers; offers pharmacy and other patient services. 
 Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, New York, Westchester Branch 	www.cff.org/chapters/westchester	Supports innovative research to control and cure Cystic Fibrosis.  Provides specialized medical care through a nationwide network of centers; offers pharmacy and other patient services. 
 Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, New York, Western NY Chapter 	www.cff.org	Supports innovative research to control and cure cystic fibrosis.  Provides specialized medical care through a nationwide network of centers; offers pharmacy and other patient services.
 Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance, New York 	www.dbsalliance.org	 Nation's leading patient-run, illness-specific, mental health organization.  Provides over 1,000 support groups, free educational materials, interactive website, national conference, newsletter, advocacy, and more.  
 Diabetes Research Institute Foundation, New York 	www.diabetesresearch.org	Committed to curing children and adults now living with diabetes and leads the world in bringing promising treatments to patients as fast as possible.
 Diabetes Research Institute Foundation, New York, Northeast Regional Office 	www.diabetesresearch.org	Committed to curing children and adults now living with diabetes and leads the world in bringing promising treatments to patients as fast as possible.
Doctors Without Borders/Medecins Sans Frontieres	www.doctorswithoutborders.org	 An independent international medical humanitarian organization that delivers emergency aid to people affected by armed conflict, epidemics and natural disasters in more than 60 countries. 
 East End Hospice, Inc. - New York 	www.eeh.org	 Healthcare professionals provide care to terminally ill patients in their homes offering pain and symptom control; social, emotional and spiritual support for patients and families. 
 Easter Seals, New York 	www.eastersealsny.org	 Non-profit organization providing medical, mental health and social services to children and adults with disabilities and special needs. 
 Easter Seals, New York, Albany 	www.eastersealsny.org	Easter Seals is the nationwide leading provider of rehabilitation services to children and adults with disabilities as well as support to their families. 
 Endometriosis Association, New York 	www.endometriosisassn.org	 Is a disease-related, private, non-profit support organization with 24% of its total support revenue used for administration and fundraising purposes. 
 EngenderHealth, Inc. 	www.engenderhealth.org	EngenderHealth is the leading international reproductive health organization working to improve the quality of health care in the world?s poorest countries.
 Epilepsy Foundation of New York, Northeastern NY 	www.epilepsyfoundation.org/efneny	 Provides service coordination, counseling, information and referral, public education, school education and professional in-services throughout the Capital Region, North Country and Upper Hudson Valley. 
 Epilepsy Foundation of New York, Rochester,   Syracuse   and Binghamton 	www.epilepsy-uny.org	 We provide epilepsy education, community and family supports, residential services and traumatic brain injury services to children and adults with epilepsy and related disabilities. 
 Epilepsy Foundation of New York, Rochester, Syracuse and   Binghamton   	www.epilepsy-uny.org	 Removes the stigma of epilepsy and help people with epilepsy and related disabilities reach their full potential by providing education, case management and supportive services.
 
Epilepsy Institute - New York	www.epilepsyinstitute.org/	 Provides comprehensive social services and fill in the gaps in the service delivery system to persons with epilepsy, their families and the community who reside in NYC. 
 Epilepsy Society of Southern New York Inc., Rockland County 	www.essny.com	 Within seven counties of NYS, services include: education, case management, crisis intervention, competitive supportive employment, residential habilitation, independent living skills, training, information, referral, support groups. 
 Epilepsy Society of Southern New York, Inc., Westchester County 	www.essny.com	 Within seven counties of NYS, services include: education, case management, crisis intervention, competitive supportive employment, residential habilitation, independent living skills, training, information, referral, support groups. 
Episcopal Relief & Development	www.er-d.org	 Episcopal Relief & Development is the international humanitarian agency of the U.S. Episcopal Church.  It creates lasting solutions in response to disaster, poverty and disease. 
 Friends of Oswego County Hospice, Inc., AKA Oswego County Hospice - New York 	www.friendsofhospice.org	 Provide financial support to Oswego County Hospice program, patients and families.  Provide PR support to Hospice program. 
Gay Men's Health Crisis	http://www.gmhc.org/	 GMHC is the world's first and leading provider of HIV/AIDS prevention, care and advocacy. Building on decades of dedication and expertise, we understand the reality of HIV/AIDS and empower a healthy life for all. 
Good Shepherd Hospice/GSt Charles Hospice - New York	www.goodshepherdhospice.net	 Provides end-of-life hospice care through physical, spiritual, psychosocial and palliative comfort care for the terminally ill.  Bereavement counseling is available. 
Harlem Hospital Sickle Cell Center - New York	0	 The CSCC provides comprehensive clinical services, education and research in Sickle Cell Disease to the patients of Harlem Hospital Center and the community it serves. 
 Health Volunteers Overseas, Inc. 	www.hvousa.org	 Trains, mentors and provides critical professional support to more than 2600 healthcare providers who care for the neediest populations in over 25 countries. 
Heartspring - New York	www.heartspring.org	A worldwide center for children with special needs.
Helen Keller International	www.hki.org	Saves the sight and lives of the most vulnerable and disadvantaged; combats the causes and consequences of blindness and malnutrition.
 High Peaks Hospice, Inc., Saranac Lake Office 	www.highpeakshospice.com	 Offers compassionate, community based physical, emotional, spiritual and bereavement care with dignity for the terminally ill.  Because quality of life matters.  24/7 on-call support. 
 High Peaks Hospice, Warren County 	www.highpeakshospice.com	 Offers compassionate, community based physical, emotional, bereavement care with dignity for the terminally ill in Northeastern NY.  Quality of life matters.  24/7 on-call support. 
 Hospicare & Palliative Care Services of Tompkins County, Inc. 	www.hospicare.org	 Hospicare provides comprehensive care - medical, palliative, dietary, bereavement, spiritual and psychological - to terminally-ill people and their families in patient homes and its on-site residence. 
Hospice and Palliative Care Assoc NYS	www.hpcanys.org	 Provides hospice information and referral to patients, families and social agencies.  Sponsors end-of-life educational programs on clinical, psychological and bereavement issues. 
Hospice and Palliative Care of Westchester	www.hospiceofwestchester.com	 Provides extraordinary and dignified comfort, care and compassion to every individual and family facing a serious or life threatening illness. 
Hospice Care Network	www.hospicecarenetwork.org	 Serving individuals whose medical prognosis indicates a life span of six months or less and accepts all medically qualified patients regardless of ability to pay.
 
Hospice Inc.	www.hospiceinc.org	Provides high quality end-of-life care to individuals in Dutchess and Ulster counties and support services to their families and loved ones.
Hospice of Central New York	www.hospicecny.org	 Hospice care supports the medical, physical, emotional, social and spiritual well-being of individuals with a life expectancy of 6 months or less. 
 Huntington's Disease Society of America, New York 	www.hdsa.org	Promotes and supports research to find a cure for HD; helps those affected by HD and their families; educates the public and health professionals. 
 Huntington's Disease Society of America, New York, Upstate NY Chapter 	www.hdsauny.com	 HDSA Upstate NY Chapter promotes and supports research, assists families affected by Huntington's Disease with support and information, and educates the public and professionals about HD. 
International Eye Foundation	www.iefusa.org	 Saves sight worldwide. Programs to control vitamin A deficiency,   river blindness,   trachoma and cataracts. Provides local health worker training, technology transfer, eye surgery, equipment, medicine. 
International Medical Corps	www.imcworldwide.org	Global humanitarian organization saving lives and building self-reliance by providing vital medical care for women and children; training healthcare professionals; rebuilding clinics; improving water/sanitation.
 Jacob Perlow Hospice, AKA Continuum Hospice Care - New York 	www.hospicenyc.org	Hospice provides comprehensive home and inpatient care for persons with advanced illness who want care focused on quality of life and maximum level of comfort.
 Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International, New York 	www.jdrf.org	 World's largest non-profit, non-governmental funder of diabetes research ($600,000,000 since 1970). Mission: Find a cure for diabetes and its complications through the support of research.  
 Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International, New York, Central NY Chapter 	www.jdrf.org/centralnewyork	 Help us find a cure for diabetes.  Through research, we can save lives of children and adults who suffer from diabetes and its devastating complications. 
 Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International, New York, Hudson Valley Branch 	www.jdrf.org	 Help us find a cure for diabetes.  Through research, we can save lives of children and adults who suffer from diabetes and its devastating complications. 
 Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International, New York, Long Island Chapter 	www.jdrf.org/longisland	 Help us find a cure for diabetes.  Through research, we can save lives of children and adults who suffer from diabetes and its devastating complications. 
 Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International, New York, NENY Chapter, Capital Region Branch 	www.jdrf.org/northeasternny	 Help us find a cure for diabetes.  Through research, we can save lives of children and adults who suffer from diabetes and its devastating complications. 
 Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International, New York, NENY Chapter, Greater Adirondack Region 	www.jdrf.org/northeasternny	 Help us find a cure for diabetes.  Through research, we can save lives of children and adults who suffer from diabetes and its devastating complications. 
 Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International, New York, New York City Chapter 	www.jdrf.org/nyc	 Help us find a cure for diabetes.  Through research, we can save lives of children and adults who suffer from diabetes and its devastating complications. 
 Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International, New York, No New Jersey/Rockland County Chapter 	www.jdrf.org/northernnj	 Help us find a cure for diabetes.  Through research, we can save lives of children and adults who suffer from diabetes and its devastating complications. 
 Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International, New York, Rochester Chapter 	www.jdrf.org/rochester	 Help us find a cure for diabetes.  Through research, we can save lives of children and adults who suffer from diabetes and its devastating complications. 
 Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International, New York, Westchester County Chapter 	www.jdrf.org/westchester	 Help us find a cure for diabetes.  Through research, we can save lives of children and adults who suffer from diabetes and its devastating complications. 
 Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International, New York, Western NY Chapter 	www.jdrf.org/westernny	 Help us find a cure for diabetes.  Through research, we can save lives of children and adults who suffer from diabetes and its devastating complications. 
Krystal's Wish Foundation for SIDS - New York	0	Provides support and information to families and caregivers whose children have died of SIDS and still births; educates professionals / public about the risk factors; and raises funds for research.
 Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, New York, Central NY Chapter 	www.lls.org/cny	 Our mission is to cure leukemia, lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease and myeloma and improve the quality of life of patients and their families.
 
 Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, New York, Long Island Chapter 	www.lls.org/li	 The largest national voluntary health agency dedicated to curing leukemia, lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease and myeloma and improving quality of life of patients and their families. 
 Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, New York, New York City Chapter 	www.lls.org/nyc	 We are the world's largest health organization dedicated to funding blood cancer research, education and patient services. 
 Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, New York, Upstate NY/Vermont Chapter 	www.lls.org/unyvt	 World's largest, private organization dedicated to finding cures for leukemia, lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease and myeloma to improve the quality of life of patients/their families. 
 Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, New York, Westchester/Hudson Valley Chapter 	www.lls.org/wch	 We are the world's largest voluntary health organization dedicated to funding blood cancer research, education and patient services.
 
 Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, New York, Western NY Chapter 	www.lls.org	 Our mission:  Cure leukemia, lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease and myeloma and improve the quality of life of patients and their families. 
 Life Transitions Center Inc, AKA Western NY Center for SIDS 	www.lifetransitionscenter.com	Provides comprehensive professional support to families whose infant died suddenly and unexpectedly of any cause.
 Lupus Alliance of America, New York, Hudson Valley NY Affiliate 	www.lupushudsonvalley.org	We are dedicated to serving patients through programs such as support meetings as well as broadening awareness and educating the community about this serious disease.
 Lupus Alliance of America, New York, Long Island/Queens Affiliate 	www.lupusliqueens.org	 Providing services to people and families affected by Lupus with support, information, referral, crisis intervention, Spanish information, education, limited financial aid and Funding Lupus research. 
 Lupus Alliance of America, New York, Southern Tier Affiliate 	www.lupusupstateny.org	Our goal is to provide programs that empower those living with lupus to maximize their quality of life and support research to discover the cure.
 Lupus Alliance of America, New York, Upstate NY Affiliate 	www.lupusupstateny.org	 Patient-oriented organization helping those affected by lupus and their families by providing information, referral, education, crisis intervention and support for lupus research. 
 Lupus Alliance of America, New York, Upstate NY Affiliate, CNY Branch 	www.lupusupstateny.org	 Patient-oriented organization helping those affected by lupus and their families by providing information, referral, education, crisis intervention and support for lupus research. 
 Lupus Alliance of America, New York, Upstate NY Affiliate, NENY Branch 	www.lupusupstateny.org	 Patient-oriented organization helping those affected by lupus and their families by providing information, referral, education, crisis intervention and support for lupus research. 
 Lupus Foundation of America, New York, Genesee Valley Chapter 	www.lupusgvc.org	 We are a community resource providing information, education and support to those affected by Lupus through newsletters, phone support, referrals, funding research and educational presentations. 
 Lupus Foundation of America, New York, Mid & Northern New York 	www.nolupus.org	 Provides health & human services including education, support and advocacy programs, promotes lupus awareness and supports research to find better treatments and a cure. 
Lupus Research Institute - New York	www.lupusresearchinstitute.org	Uniquely dedicated to innovative research and funds the largest number and widest range of lupus investigations in the country.
 Lymphatic Research Foundation - New York, Glen Cove 	www.lymphaticresearch.org	 Promote and support research of the lymphatic system to find treatments and cures for lymphatic diseases including lymphedema, also benefiting cancer, HIV, lupus, arthritis, etc. 
 Lymphatic Research Foundation - New York, White Plains 	www.lymphaticresearch.org	 Promote and support research of the lymphatic system to find treatments and cures for lymphatic diseases including lymphedema, also benefiting cancer, HIV, lupus, arthritis, etc. 
 March of Dimes Foundation, New York Division 	www.marchofdimes.com/greaternewyork	 The mission of the March of dimes is to improve the health of babies by preventing birth defects, premature birth and infant mortality. 
 March of Dimes Foundation, New York, Central NY Division 	www.marchofdimes.com	 The mission of the March of dimes is to improve the health of babies by preventing birth defects, premature birth and infant mortality. 
 March of Dimes Foundation, New York, Genesee Valley/Finger Lakes 	www.marchofdimes.com	 The March of Dimes aims to improve the health of babies by providing community services, education, and advocacy for moms and babies. 
 March of Dimes Foundation, New York, Hudson Valley Office 	www.marchofdimes.com/greaternewyork	 The mission of the March of dimes is to eliminate birth defects and infant mortality through programs of community Advocacy, Community Service, Research and Education. 
 March of Dimes Foundation, New York, Long Island Division 	www.marchofdimes.com/greaternewyork	 The mission of the March of dimes is to improve the health of babies by preventing birth defects, premature birth and infant mortality.
 
 March of Dimes Foundation, New York, NENY Division 	www.marchofdimes.com	 The mission of the March of dimes is to improve the health of babies by preventing birth defects, premature birth and infant mortality. 
 March of Dimes Foundation, New York, Westchester/Rockland Division 	www.marchofdimes.com/greaternewyork	 The mission of the March of dimes is to improve the health of babies by preventing birth defects, premature birth and infant mortality. 
 March of Dimes Foundation, New York, WNY Division 	www.marchofdimes.com	 The mission of the March of dimes is to improve the health of babies by preventing birth defects, premature birth and infant mortality. 
Mental Health America of New York	www.mhanys.org	 State leader in advocacy, public education, technical assistance on behalf of New Yorkers with psychiatric disabilities, supporting 30 local affiliates.  Affiliated with Mental Health America. 
 Mental Health America of New York (Dutchess, Putnam & Westchester) 	www.mhanys.org	 A multi-service agency providing treatment and support; social, housing and vocational supports; senior services; domestic abuse services; community education; advocacy; and information and referral 
 Muscular Dystrophy Association, New York 	www.mdausa.org	 Fighting neuromuscular diseases through worldwide research, a nationwide network of clinics offering comprehensive medical services and far reaching professional and public health education. 
 Muscular Dystrophy Association, New York, Central and Northern NY 	www.mdausa.org	 Fighting neuromuscular diseases through worldwide research, a nationwide network of clinics offering comprehensive medical services, and far-reaching professional and public health education.  
 Muscular Dystrophy Association, New York, Eastern NY, Albany District Office 	www.mdausa.org	 Fighting neuromuscular diseases through worldwide research, a nationwide network of clinics offering comprehensive medical services, and far-reaching professional and public health education.  
 Muscular Dystrophy Association, New York, Grt Rochester and Finger Lakes Area 	www.mda.org	 Fighting neuromuscular diseases through worldwide research, a nationwide network of clinics offering comprehensive medical services, and far-reaching professional and public health education.  
 Muscular Dystrophy Association, New York, Hawthorne Area 	www.mda.org	 Fighting neuromuscular diseases through worldwide research, a nationwide network of clinics offering comprehensive medical services, and far-reaching professional and public health education.  
 Muscular Dystrophy Association, New York, Lake Success Area 	www.mda.org	 Fighting neuromuscular diseases through worldwide research, a nationwide network of clinics offering comprehensive medical services, and far-reaching professional and public health education.  
 Muscular Dystrophy Association, New York, South Central NY 	www.mdausa.org	Coordinates services offered to families affected by over 40 forms of neuromuscular diseases in eleven counties in SCNY.
 Muscular Dystrophy Association, New York, Suffolk County 	www.mda.org	 Fighting neuromuscular diseases through worldwide research, a nationwide network of clinics offering comprehensive medical services, and far-reaching professional and public health education.  
 Muscular Dystrophy Association, New York, Western NY District 	www.mdausa.org	 Fighting 40 neuromuscular diseases through worldwide research, a nationwide network of clinics providing comprehensive medical services and far-reaching professional and public health education. 
 Myasthenia Gravis (Alliance) Foundation of America, New York 	www.mgdirect.org	 Empowers members, through programs educating patients and health professionals, support groups, literature, financial and medical assistance and more, while researching a cure. 
 Myasthenia Gravis Foundation of America, New York 	www.myasthenia.org	 Seeks to facilitate the diagnosis and care of MG patients through programs of patient services, public information, medical research, professional education and advocacy. 
 Myasthenia Gravis Foundation of America, New York, Delmar 	www.myasthenia-gravis.com	 Provides a monthly support group, quarterly newsletter, pamphlets and brochures for all aspects of living with MG, a rare incurable neuromuscular autoimmune disease. 
 NAMI (National Alliance on Mental Illness), New York 	www.nami.org	 A grass-roots support, education and advocacy organization dedicated to improving the lives of people affected by severe mental illnesses and their families.  
 National Alliance on Mental Illness of New York City Metro, Inc. 	http://www.naminycmetro.org/	 The National Alliance on Mental Illness of New York City (NAMI-NYC Metro) is a support, education, and advocacy organization for the mental health community. We serve families and individuals whose lives are affected by mental illness. Whether you have a family member with schizophrenia or are coping with depression, we have a program for you. All programs and services are free of charge. 
 National Council on Alcoholism & Drug Dependence (NCADD), New York 	www.ncadd.org	 Provides education, information, help and hope in the fight against the chronic, often fatal disease of alcoholism and other drug addictions. 
 National Headache Foundation, New York 	www.headaches.org	 Your #1 source for headache help - vital information, newsletter, support groups, and research on causes and treatments for headache sufferers, their families and healthcare professionals.  
 National Hemophilia Foundation, New York 	www.hemophilia.org	 Dedicated to finding cures for bleeding disorders and to preventing and treating their complications through education, advocacy and research.  
 National Hemophilia Foundation, New York, Mary M. Gooley Hemophilia Center 	www.hemocenter.org	 NYS Diagnostic & Treatment Center and National Hemophilia Foundation Chapter providing education, treatment, advocacy, research to people affected by hemophilia and other inherited disorders. 
 National Kidney Foundation of New York, Central NY 	www.cnykidney.org	 A voluntary health agency, whose activities include health screening, public-professional education, research and fundraising events serving 13 CNY counties. 
 National Kidney Foundation of New York, Greater NY 	www.kidneygny.org	 Fights kidney disease through health screenings, education, advocacy, patient services. 
 National Kidney Foundation of New York, Northeast NY 	www.nkfneny.org	 Provides patient services, community health screenings, public/professional education, legislative advocacy, research & organ donor awareness to prevent, treat and cure kidney & urologic diseases. 
 National Kidney Foundation of New York, Upstate NY 	www.kidneynyup.org	 Provides free kidney screenings, patient services, public/professional education on prevention and detection of kidney disease, funds local research.  Passionately promotes kidney and organ transplantation. 
 National Kidney Foundation of New York, Western NY 	www.nkfofwny.org	Dedicated to improving the lives of those impacted by the devastation of kidney and urinary tract diseases and to increasing availability of organs for transplantation.
 National Multiple Sclerosis Society, New York, NY City Chapter 	www.msnyc.org	 Provides comprehensive programs and services for 10,000 people living with MS and 47,500 associated relatives and caregivers.  Funds research to find a cure for MS. 
 National Multiple Sclerosis Society, New York, Southern NY Chapter 	www.nyv.nationalmssociety.org	 Provides comprehensive programs and services for 10,000 people living with MS and 47,500 associated relatives and caregivers.  Funds research to find a cure for MS. 
 National Multiple Sclerosis Society, New York, Upstate NY Chapter 	www.msupstateny.org	 Provides education, consultations, advocacy, health and wellness, recreation and coaching strategies for disease and life management.
 
 National Multiple Sclerosis Society, New York, Upstate NY Chapter, CNY Office 	www.msupstateny.org	 Provides education, consultations, advocacy, health and wellness, recreation and coaching strategies for disease and life management.
 
 National Multiple Sclerosis Society, New York, Upstate NY Chapter, NENY Division 	www.msupstateny.org	 Provides education, consultations, advocacy, health and wellness, recreation and coaching strategies for disease and life management. 
 National Multiple Sclerosis Society, New York, Upstate NY Chapter, Rochester Office 	www.msupstateny.org	 Provides education, consultations, advocacy, health and wellness, recreation and coaching strategies for disease and life management. 
 National Parkinson Foundation, New York 	www.parkinson.org	 Provides research, clinical studies, patient and caregiver services, public and professional education, literature, manuals, physician referrals and assists support groups worldwide.  
 National Psoriasis Foundation, New York 	www.psoriasis.org	 We lead the fight to cure psoriasis and psoriasis arthritis, advocate for access to care and treatment, and train healthcare professionals, families and the public. 
 National Spinal Cord Injury Association, New York 	www.spinalcord.org	 To encourage basic scientific research, proper rehabilitation and medical care for persons with spinal cord injuries and to provide related education. 
 National Spinal Cord Injury Association, New York, Greater NY Chapter 	www.nycspinal.org	 To encourage basic scientific research, proper rehabilitation and medical care for persons with spinal cord injuries and to provide related education. 
 National Stroke Association, New York 	www.stroke.org	 Dedicated to stroke prevention, improving the diagnosis and treatment of stroke, maximizing the recovery of stroke survivors, and advocating on behalf of the stroke community.  
 Pancreatic Cancer Action Network, New York 	www.pancan.org	 PanCAN is the only national leader to fight pancreatic cancer in a comprehensive way - through research, patient support and advocacy for a cure. 
 Parkinson's Disease Foundation, New York 	www.pdf.org	 Extensive research seeking the cause and cure of Parkinson's disease and other related disorders.  Information, counseling, advocacy, referrals, patient and professional education services are provided.  
Planned Parenthood Federation of America- International	www.plannedparenthood.org	 Supports sexual and reproductive health programs in the developing world, in partnership with local nongovernmental organizations, that promote women?s reproductive health, freedom and dignity.  
 Prevent Blindness America, New York (Prevent Blindness Tri-State) 	www.preventblindnesstristate.org	 Only 501(c)(3) non-profit agency totally dedicated to preventing blindness and preserving sight in the Tri-state region of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. 
Project HOPE	www.projecthope.org	Currently provides sustainable improvements in health through education and humanitarian assistance in more than 35 countries with 93 percent of revenues dedicated to programs.
Queens Centers for Progress formerly United Cerebral Palsy of Queens	www.queenscp.org	 Provides therapy, education, job training and placement, day programs, service coordination and housing for people with developmental disabilities. 
 Research to Prevent Blindness, New York 	www.rpbusa.org	 World's leading voluntary organization supporting scientific research into the causes, cure and prevention of all blinding diseases.  
Rockland Council on Alcoholism - New York	www.rcadd.org	Provides assessments/referrals for chemically dependent persons & families; family education; counseling; planned family interventions; and collaborates to enhance prevention/treatment services throughout the county.
Rotary Foundation of Rotary International	www.rotary.org	 Our Polio Plus program provides vaccines and mobilizes communities, volunteers and resources in support of international efforts to immunize children and eradicate polio worldwide. 
 S.L.E. Lupus Foundation, Inc. - New York 	www.lupusny.org	 Providing direct patient and family support services, education and research funding to the lupus community since 1970. 
 Sickle Cell Disease Association of America, New York 	www.sicklecelldisease.org	 Only national voluntary organization dedicated to addressing issues created by this inherited condition. SCDAA provides public information, professional education, advocacy, and supports research.  
 SIDS Alliance Long Island Affiliate, New York 	www.sidsalliance.org	 SIDS mysteriously kills almost 2,500 babies annually. Donations provide: education for caregivers to reduce SIDS risk; bereavement services for SIDS families; funds research into causes.  
 Spina Bifida Association of New York, Albany/Capital District Chapter 	www.sbaalbany.org	 Provides support, information and education to families affected by Spina Bifida and prevention education to women of childbearing age. 
 
 Spina Bifida Association of New York, Western NY 	www.sbawny.org	SBAWNY offers funding to dues paying members for enrichment activities and similar programs to increase the overall independence and development of the individual.
 Spina Bifida Resource Network, Tri State Region - New York 	www.thesbrn.org	 Provides family support, I & R, newsletters, continence training and advocacy to families and individuals.  SBRN educates the public regarding birth defect prevention. 
 St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, New York 	www.stjude.org	Researches and treats pediatric catastrophic diseases - primarily childhood cancer.  St Jude covers all costs not paid by insurance.  Research findings are shared worldwide.
 St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, New York, Northeast Association 	www.stjude.org	 The world's premier center for research and treatment of potentially fatal childhood diseases, including cancer/certain blood, genetic/immunodeficiency disorders. 
 St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, New York, Rochester Office 	www.stjude.org	 The world's premier center for research and treatment of potentially fatal childhood diseases, including cancer/certain blood, genetic/immunodeficiency disorders. 
 Sudden Infant Death Syndrome Alliance, Inc., AKA First Candle / SIDS Alliance, New York 	www.sidsalliance.org	 SIDS mysteriously kills almost 2,500 babies annually. Donations provide: education for caregivers to reduce SIDS risk; bereavement services for SIDS families; funds research into causes.  
 Susan G. Komen for the Cure, New York 	www.komen.org	Imagine life without breast cancer.  We can make it a reality by racing for the cures and funding life-saving research and community health programs.
 Susan G. Komen for the Cure, New York, CNY Affiliate 	www.komencny.org	Imagine life without breast cancer.  We can make it a reality by racing for the cures and funding life-saving research and community health programs.
 Susan G. Komen for the Cure, New York, GNY Affiliate 	www.komennyc.org	Imagine life without breast cancer.  We can make it a reality by racing for the cures and funding life-saving research and community health programs.
 Susan G. Komen for the Cure, New York, NENY Affiliate 	www.raceforthecure.com	Imagine life without breast cancer.  We can make it a reality by racing for the cures and funding life-saving research and community health programs.
 Susan G. Komen for the Cure, New York, Twin Tiers Region Affiliate 	www.komen.org	Imagine life without breast cancer.  We can make it a reality by racing for the cures and funding life-saving research and community health programs.
 Susan G. Komen for the Cure, New York, WNY Affiliate 	www.komenwny.org	Imagine life without breast cancer.  We can make it a reality by racing for the cures and funding life-saving research and community health programs.
 The Alzheimer's Associantion, New york City chapter 	http://www.alz.org/nyc/	 The Alzheimer's Association is the leading, global voluntary health organization in Alzheimer's care and support, and the largest private, nonprofit funder of Alzheimer's research. 
The Eye-Bank for Sight Restoration	http://www.eyedonation.org/	 The Eye-Bank for Sight Restoration, the world's first eye bank, is devoted to restoring sight through eye donations and cornea transplants, as well as providing ocular tissue for research into treatment and cures for other eye diseases. Public awareness about the need for eye donations is a key component of our efforts to restore sight to thousands of men, women and children each year. 
The Trevor Project	http://www.thetrevorproject.org/	 The Trevor Project is the leading national organization providing crisis intervention and suicide prevention services to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and questioning (LGBTQ) youth. 
To Life - New York	www.tolife.org	 Breast cancer education and support: education forums, wellness activities, support groups, mentoring for newly diagnosed women and boutique services with wig, bras and prostheses fittings. 
 Tourette Syndrome Association, New York 	www.tsa-usa.org	 The association is a national voluntary non-profit organization dedicated to the treatment, control and cure for Tourette Syndrome through education, research and service.   
 Tourette Syndrome Association, New York, NY City 	www.tsa-nyc.org	 To provide advocacy, support services, greater awareness, opportunities and greater awareness of and/or for people with Tourette syndrome and their families. 
 United Cerebral Palsy Associations, New York 	www.ucp.org	 The national organization serves people with disabilities through the development of programs, information and referral, legislative advocacy, technology initiatives, research and direct services.  
 United Cerebral Palsy of New York City, Inc. 	www.ucpnyc.org	 UCP/NYC provides the highest quality services in healthcare, education, employment, housing and technology resources that support people with disabilities in leading independent and productive lives. 