International	international	
African Medical & Research Foundation (AMREF)	usa.amref.org	 Since 1957, has improved health for Africans through training, capacity building and advocacy in HIV/AIDS, malaria, family health, water and sanitation and clinical outreach. 
 African Refuge, Inc. 	http://africanrefuge.org/	 African Refuge is a community-based organization which aims improve the quality of life for African immigrants, refugees and low-income families. We aim to enhance the well being of people who have faced abuse, poverty, desertion, depression and the effects of war. To achieve our mission, we promote community engagement and facilitate access to meaningful resources and activities that promote the dignity, development and health of youth and families. 
African Services Committee	http://www.africanservices.org/	African Services Committee is a non-profit organization dedicated to improving the health and self-sufficiency of the African community in New York City and beyond.
African Women's Dream	http://www.theawdream.org/	 The African Women's Dream, Inc. (AWD) is a non-profit organization servicing people challenged by the economic downturn in Jamaica, Queens, like we are seeing in so many other towns across America. 
Africare 	www.africare.org	 Develops self-help programs in Africa to increase food production, develop clean water resources, manage the environment, strengthen health care and deliver emergency assistance.   
American Jewish World Service	www.ajws.org	 Provides non-sectarian, sustainable development assistance, technical support and emergency relief to people in need in Africa, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, Russia and Ukraine. 
 AmeriCares Foundation, Inc. 	www.americares.org	 Restores health and saves lives by delivering donated medicines, medical supplies and humanitarian aid to people in need around the world and here at home. 
CARE	www.care.org	 Fights root causes of poverty in 66 countries; special focus on empowering poor women to lift themselves, their families and communities out of poverty.  
Charity:Water	http://www.charitywater.org/	charity: water is a non-profit organization bringing clean and safe drinking water to people in developing nations. 100% of public donations directly fund water projects.
ChildFund International 	www.childfund.org	 Helping deprived, excluded and vulnerable children have the capacity to become young adults and leaders who bring lasting and positive change in their communities. 
Children International 	www.children.org	 Nonprofit, humanitarian organization providing program benefits and services including medical care, educational assistance and material aid to poverty-stricken children and families in eleven countries. 
Christian Reformed World Relief Committee (CRWRC)	www.crwrc.org	 Fighting poverty, hunger and injustice through partnerships and locally originated community development programs; responding to disasters with emergency supplies and reconstruction of homes and livelihoods. 
Church World Service	www.churchworldservice.org	Church World Service works with partners to eradicate hunger and poverty and promote peace and justice among the world's most vulnerable people.
Doctors Without Borders/Medecins Sans Frontieres	www.doctorswithoutborders.org	 An independent international medical humanitarian organization that delivers emergency aid to people affected by armed conflict, epidemics and natural disasters in more than 60 countries. 
ECHO	www.echonet.org	ECHO fights world hunger by using science and technology to develop agricultural solutions to aid farmers in developing countries.
FINCA International	www.villagebanking.org	To provide small loans to the working poor in the developing world so they can create their own jobs and better provide for their families.
Girl Scouts Overseas	www.girlscouts.org/overseas	 Girl Scouting builds girls of courage, confidence, and character who make the world a better place. 
Global Impact	www.charity.org	 Supports U.S.-based charities working globally. We provide disaster relief, treat the sick, feed the hungry, shelter refugees, teach children to read, train adults for jobs. 
Habitat for Humanity International	www.habitat.org	 Christian Housing ministry workng to end poverty housing by partnering with families in need to build affordable homes; over 300,000 worldwide. 
 Health Volunteers Overseas, Inc. 	www.hvousa.org	 Trains, mentors and provides critical professional support to more than 2600 healthcare providers who care for the neediest populations in over 25 countries. 
Heifer International	www.heifer.org	 Helps poor families worldwide become self-sufficient by providing food- and income-producing animals, community development, training and environmentally-sound farming. 
International Medical Corps	www.imcworldwide.org	Global humanitarian organization saving lives and building self-reliance by providing vital medical care for women and children; training healthcare professionals; rebuilding clinics; improving water/sanitation.
International Orthodox Christian Charities	www.iocc.org	 Provides humanitarian/development assistance to people in U.S., Africa, Asia, Europe and the Middle East who have been devastated by man-made and natural disasters. 
International Relief Teams	www.irteams.org	 Sends volunteer medical and construction teams to assist disaster victims worldwide. Conducts medical, surgical, and training programs to promote self-sufficiency in developing nations. 
International Rescue Committee	www.theirc.org	 Our commitment to freedom, human dignity, and self-reliance is reflected in well-planned global emergency relief, rehabilitation assistance, resettlement services, and advocacy for refugees. 
International Youth Foundation	www.iyfnet.org	 IYF prepares young people to be healthy, productive and engaged citizens through education, leadership development, health awareness, and job skills training in 70 countries worldwide. 
Lutheran World Relief	www.lwr.org	 Works with partners in 35 countries to help people grow food, improve health, strengthen communities, end conflict, build livelihoods and recover from disasters. 
Mercy Corps	www.mercycorps.org	 Providing lifesaving aid worldwide following a disaster or conflict, and helping local populations design and implement sustainable programs to promote health and economic development. 
Near East Foundation	www.neareast.org	 We organize highly vulnerable communities in the Middle East and Africa to achieve economic security, social well-being and good governance. 
Opportunity International	www.opportunity.org	 We collaborate with local partners worldwide to provide microfinance services allowing poor entrepreneurs to develop steady income, provide for families and create jobs for neighbors. 
Oxfam America	www.oxfamamerica.org	 We are an international relief and development organization that creates lasting solutions to poverty, hunger and injustice. 
Pan American Development Foundation	www.padf.org	 Helps disadvantaged people in Latin America and the Caribbean by creating economic opportunities, promoting social progress, strengthening civil society, responding to natural disasters and humanitarian crises. 
Salvation Army World Service Office (SAWSO)	www.sawso.org	 Assists the poor with health services, HIV/AIDS support, education, capacity building, anti-human trafficking, reconstruction and income generation, with heart to God and hand to man. 
 TechnoServe, Inc. 	www.technoserve.org	 Helps men and women in the developing world to build businesses that create income, opportunity and economic growth for their families, communities and their countries. 
 UNICEF, U.S. Fund for 	www.unicefusa.org	 Works for the survival, protection and development of children worldwide through fundraising, education and advocacy. 
United Seamen?s Service	http://unitedseamensservice.org/	Provides overseas health and welfare services to the American Merchant Marine and seafarers of allied nations and a 24-hour hotline for emergency family assistance.
William J. Clinton Foundation	www.clintonfoundation.org	Our mission is to strengthen the capacity of people throughout the world to meet the challenges of global interdependence
Women for Women International	www.womenforwomen.org	 We provide direct aid, rights awareness and leadership education, vocational skills training and income generation support to women survivors of war, conflict and civil strife. 
World Relief 	www.worldrelief.org	Provides emergency relief and community-based solutions to alleviate hunger and poverty in 20 countries and provides resettlement assistance to refugees in the United States.