New York	new_york	
Bridge Fund of New York City	http://thebridgefund.org	The Bridge Fund combines sound business practices with effective and compassionate programs to prevent homelessness among the working poor.
 Bronx AIDS Services, Inc. 	http://www.basnyc.org/	 Founded in 1986, Bronx AIDS Services (BAS) is a not-for-profit community-based organization  that helps more than 8,000 Bronx residents each year with services and programs that touch people who are living with HIV/AIDS, people who think they might have been exposed to HIV, and those who are at high risk of exposure to the virus.  
BronxWorks	http://www.bronxworks.org	 BronxWorks helps individuals and families improve their economic and social well-being. From toddlers to seniors, we feed, shelter, teach, and support our neighbors to build a stronger community. 
Brooklyn AIDS Task Force	www.batf.ne	 he Brooklyn AIDS Task Force commonly referred to throughout the city as BATF, is the oldest and largest nonprofit HIV/AIDS prevention and treatment service organization in Brooklyn, providing comprehensive HIV/AIDS- related services to underserved racial /ethnic minority communities in the borough. Over the Past 25 years, BATF has engaged over 110,000 individuals and families. 
Brooklyn Bureau of Community Service	http://www.wearebcs.org/bcs/	 Brooklyn Community Services is building a better Brooklyn by strengthening families, helping children and youth reach their full potential, and supporting adults in leading productive, fulfilling lives. 
Brooklyn Chinese-American Association	http://www.bca.net/eng/home.html	 The Brooklyn Chinese-American Association (BCA) was founded in 1987 as a community-based not-for-profit social service agency in response to the growing needs of the Asian-American community in the Sunset Park, Borough Park, and Bay Ridge sections of Brooklyn. 
Brooklyn Community Foundation	http://www.brooklyncommunityfoundation.org/about/mission-and-values	
Brooklyn Defender Services	http://www.bds.org/aboutus.aspx	 Brooklyn Defender Services was founded in 1995 by Lisa Schreibersdorf, who envisioned a public defender office that would provide excellent legal services to people who could not afford to retain an attorney. 
 Brooklyn Rescue Mission, Inc. 	http://brooklynrescuemission.org/default.aspx	 Brooklyn Rescue Mission Inc. is a community-based organization in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn that develops creative solutions to food justice, community health and the economic challenges our community endures on a daily basis. 
Brooklyn Young Mothers' Collective	http://www.bymcinc.org/	The Brooklyn Young Mothers' Collective provides disadvantaged young mothers with a comprehensive set of services focused on their educational attainment and social development to help them to become self-sufficient adults
CampInteractive	http://campinteractive.org/	CampInteractive (CI) introduces the creative power of technology and the inspiration of the outdoors to underprivileged inner-city youth. Our vision is to use positive experiences to broaden horizons and empower young people to believe in themselves and their futures.
 City Harvest, Inc. 	http://www.cityharvest.org	 Now serving New York City for more than 25 years, City Harvest is the world's first food rescue organization, dedicated to feeding the city's hungry men, women, and children. 
Food Bank for New York City/Food Change	http://www.foodbanknyc.org/about-the-food-bank	 Food Bank For New York City recognizes 29 years as the city's major hunger-relief organization working to end food poverty throughout the five boroughs. As one of the country's largest food banks, our mission is to end hunger in New York City by organizing food, information and support for community survival and dignity. As the city's hub for integrated food poverty assistance, the Food Bank tackles the hunger issue on three fronts - food distribution, income support  and nutrition education - all strategically guided by its research. 
New  York Cares	http://www.newyorkcares.org/	 New York Cares is now the city's largest volunteer organization, running volunteer programs for 1,200 nonprofits, city agencies and public schools. Today's volunteers share our founders' vision that we all have a role to play in making our city a better place. 
New York AIDS Coalition	http://www.nyaidscoalition.org	
New York City Coalition Against Hunger	http://www.nyccah.org/about/mission	 The New York City Coalition Against Hunger (NYCCAH) represents and is the voice for the more than 1,100 nonprofit soup kitchens and food pantries in New York City and the 1.5 million low-income New Yorkers who live in households that can't afford enough food. The coalition works not only to meet these residents' immediate food needs but also to enact innovative solutions to help society move   beyond the soup kitchen   to ensure economic and food self-sufficiency for all Americans. 
New York City Mission Society	http://www.nycmissionsociety.org/about	 New York City Mission Society's motto -   Changing Lives Since 1812   - has great resonance for us. It speaks to the fact that we have been helping those in need longer than any other human services organization in New York City. It also makes us conscious of the great responsibility that those of us at New York City Mission Society have in honoring and perpetuating the organization's legacy. 
 New York City Relief, Inc. 	http://www.reliefbus.org/about.php	 The Relief Bus outreach consists of two former school buses now customized into mobile resource centers to help the poor and homeless. Friendly faces serve up a delicious, hearty vegetable soup that truly tantalizes the taste buds, fresh Portuguese rolls and hot chocolate or iced tea (depending on the season) complete the menu. 
New York City Rescue Mission	http://www.nycrescue.org/413017.ihtml	 The objective of the New York City Rescue Mission (NYCRM), America's First Rescue Mission, has remained the same since its founding in 1872: to provide spiritual hope, food, clothing and shelter to people in crisis in New York City. This model has been replicated by 300 rescue missions throughout the country.  
 New York International ballet Competition, Inc. 	http://www.nyibc.org/about/	 New York International Ballet Competition (NYIBC), is a unique program providing dance education and employment opportunities for young dancers ages 17 to 24. NYIBC is held every two years at Frederick P. Rose Hall, home of Jazz at Lincoln Center in the Time Warner Building. 
New York Lawyers for the Public Interest	http://www.nylpi.org/	 A nonprofit, civil rights law firm that strives for social justice through impact litigation, systemic reform community organizing and advocacy. 
New York Musical Theatre Festival (NYMF)	http://www.nymf.org/	 The New York Musical Theatre Festival (NYMF) exists to ensure the future vitality of America's greatest art form, by serving as the preeminent launching pad for a stylistically, thematically, and culturally diverse array of new musicals, and by providing an affordable way for artists to mount professional productions that reach their peers, industry leaders and musical theatre audiences 
 New York School of Urban Ministry, Inc. 	http://nysum.org/new-to-nysum/	 The New York School Of Urban Ministry (NYSUM) is a short-term teaching and training center for Christians with a heart for urban ministry.  Through a combination of urban training, onsite practical ministry and actually living in a city neighborhood, we aim to train Christians to reach people in cities around the world for Christ. Groups come to NYSUM from across the United States, Canada and abroad for selected times of ministry listed below, and other times throughout the year 
 New York Service Program for Older Persons, Inc. 	http://www.spop.org/main/index.php	 For close to 40 years, Service Program for Older People has been showing adults in the New York area that aging is no barrier to maintaining an active and meaningful life. With a philosophy based on professionalism and respect, SPOP has consistently remained at the forefront of its field, offering a wide range of personalized mental healthcare services, useful educational resources, and professional counseling, all within a warm and caring environment.   
New York Theatre Workshop	http://nytw.org/history.asp	 The genesis of New York Theatre Workshop began with Founding Trustee Stephen Graham in 1979. Stephen envisioned an organization which would support and encourage outstanding new playwrights and directors outside the commercial area and to develop inventive new works for the theatre. The very first production was A Day in the Life of the Czar, by Frank O'Hara and V.R. Lang, directed by then-unknown artist Peter Sellars in one of his earliest professional credits. Other artists who participated in these early workshops and developed their work were Marc Shaiman, Mark O'Donnell, and Harry Kondoleon. 
New York University - Metro Center	http://steinhardt.nyu.edu/metrocenter/about/	 The Metropolitan Center for Urban Education (Metro Center) is a comprehensive, university-based center that focuses on educational research, policy, and practice. We are a partner and resource at the local and national levels in strengthening and improving access, opportunity, and the quality of education in our schools. Our mission is to target issues related to educational equity by providing leadership and support to students, parents, teachers, administrators, and policy makers. 
New York Urban League	http://www.nyul.org/	 For over 90 years, we have been helping disadvantaged New Yorkers gain access to equal opportunity in employment, education, health care, housing and the civic arena. We encourage you to join the NYUL and take advantage of the many opportunities available to improve the quality of life for you and your community. 
New York Women's Agenda	http://newyorkwomensagenda.org/	 NEW YORK WOMEN'S AGENDA (NYWA) is a coalition of women professionals, organizations, and community activists who support the diversity and interests of NY women through collaboration, advocacy, and education. 
New York Women's Foundation	http://www.nywf.org/	 The New York Women's Foundation (NYWF) is a voice for women and a force for change. We are a cross-cultural alliance of women catalyzing partnerships and leveraging human and financial capital to achieve sustained economic security and justice for women and girls. With fierce determination, we mobilize hearts, minds and resources to create an equitable and just future for women, families and communities in New York City 
New Yorkers for Children	http://newyorkersforchildren.org/	It is the mission of New Yorkers For Children to improve the lives of children and families who are served by the Administration for Children's Services by providing the private resources needed to assist Children's Services and to increase awareness of child welfare issues.
North Brooklyn Coalition Against Family Violence	http://northbrooklyncoalition.org/	   our ultimate goal is to enable survivors of domestic violence to negotiate the criminal justice system, break the cycle of violence, and increase their capacity to take back power and control of their lives...   
North Brooklyn YMCA	http://www.ymcanyc.org/north-brooklyn/north-brooklyn-home/	 Whether you're looking to start a new exercise regimen, get the kids involved in a healthy activity, make new friends or just get healthier, the North Brooklyn YMCA has it all.  
Northeast Brooklyn Housing Development Corporation	http://www.nebhdco.org/	 NEBHDCo has been busy planning new housing for our community and establishing key real estate development partnerships with private and public sector partners and local partners to create new housing units that address the needs of low, moderate and middle income families living in central Brooklyn. Community support for the projects we plan and propose for our community involves local public hearings and presentations within the neighborhoods affected. This feedback provides us with critical information about the needs and desires for the types of housing projects within the surrounding neighborhoods of local residents. 
Northern Manhattan Improvement Corporation	http://www.nmic.org/	 Our mission is to serve as a catalyst for positive change in the lives of the people in our community on their paths to secure, violence-free and prosperous futures. 
NY de Volunteer Inc.	http://www.nydevolunteer.org/	Empowering Japanese and American Youth for social change
NYC Alliance Against Sexual Assault	http://www.svfreenyc.org/	 Our mission is to build the capacity of communities, organizations, and institutions to advance the right to live free from sexual violence and reduce the harm it causes individuals, families, and society. 
NYC Early Childhood Professional Development Institute	http://www.earlychildhoodnyc.org/	 The New York City Early Childhood Professional Development Institute (PDI) is a public/private partnership that brings together a range of city agencies, a consortium of private funders, and the nation's largest urban university to build a comprehensive system of professional development for individuals who work with young children in New York City. 
NYC Human Resources Administration	http://www.nyc.gov/html/hra/html/about/about_hra_dss.shtml	The New York City Human Resources Administration/ Department of Social Services (HRA/DSS) provides temporary help to individuals and families with social service and economic needs to assist them in reaching self-sufficiency
Red Hook Initiative	http://www.rhicenter.org/about.html	 At the Red Hook Initiative (RHI) we believe in young people. Our staff approach youth work with a positive perspective and undying hope. We believe that if young people feel a sense of belonging, have access to services, learn new skills, are given a chance to develop as leaders, and are provided unconditional support that they will demonstrate self efficacy, have the courage to take healthy risks, and have a positive sense of self and future. These characteristics are what will make young people resilient in the face of life's challenges so that they may continue on a path to leading a self-determined and fulfilling life. 